README.md, before:

statfi
======

R tools for Statistics Finland open data

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/rOpenGov/statfi.png)](https://travis-ci.org/rOpenGov/statfi)
[![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/ropengov/statfi.png?label=TODO)](http://waffle.io/ropengov/statfi)

+ Maintainer: Leo Lahti, Juuso Parkkinen, Joona Lehtomäki
+ License: FreeBSD


### Overview

This R package provides tools to access open data from [Statistics
Finland
(Tilastokeskus)](http://www.stat.fi/tup/tilastotietokannat/index_fi.html).

For installation and usage, check the [tutorial
page](https://github.com/rOpenGov/statfi/blob/master/vignettes/statfi_tutorial.md).  

This R package is part of the [rOpenGov](http://ropengov.github.io) project.

### Contact
  
  You are welcome to:

  * [submit suggestions and bug-reports](https://github.com/ropengov/statfi/issues)
  * [send a pull request](https://github.com/ropengov/statfi/)
  * compose a friendly e-mail to: louhos@googlegroups.com
  * join IRC at !louhos@IRCnet (Finland) and ropengov@Freenode (international)
  * follow us in social media: [Louhos (Finland)](http://louhos.github.com/contact.html); [rOpenGov (international)](http://ropengov.github.io/contribute/)

Commit message:

Added reference to the gisfin package

README.md, after:

statfi
======

R tools for Statistics Finland open data

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/rOpenGov/statfi.png)](https://travis-ci.org/rOpenGov/statfi)
[![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/ropengov/statfi.png?label=TODO)](http://waffle.io/ropengov/statfi)

+ Maintainer: Leo Lahti, Juuso Parkkinen, Joona Lehtomäki
+ License: FreeBSD


### Overview

This R package provides tools to access open data from [Statistics
Finland
(Tilastokeskus)](http://www.stat.fi/tup/tilastotietokannat/index_fi.html).

For installation and usage, check the [tutorial
page](https://github.com/rOpenGov/statfi/blob/master/vignettes/statfi_tutorial.md).  

This R package is part of the [rOpenGov](http://ropengov.github.io) project.

[Geospatial data of Statistics Finland](http://www.stat.fi/tup/rajapintapalvelut/index_en.html) is available via the [gisfin](https://github.com/ropengov/gisfin/) package.

### Contact
  
  You are welcome to:

  * [submit suggestions and bug-reports](https://github.com/ropengov/statfi/issues)
  * [send a pull request](https://github.com/ropengov/statfi/)
  * compose a friendly e-mail to: louhos@googlegroups.com
  * join IRC at !louhos@IRCnet (Finland) and ropengov@Freenode (international)
  * follow us in social media: [Louhos (Finland)](http://louhos.github.com/contact.html); [rOpenGov (international)](http://ropengov.github.io/contribute/)
